Sometimes the signs of of of discrimination are pretty apparent. Sometimes
it's just you can hear it in the normal office talk in your shops.
I've been fortunate enough to be in places where that has been very
abnormal. People generally got along, and you do not see ingrained
discrimination in the culture of the places I've been. But it does
exist s so as far as things that give an indication. Usually you'll
you'll hear something coming up from the enlisted ranks on that is
filtered through your non commissioned officers. If you haven't been
able to tell yet, the noncommissioned officer is your liaison with
the enlisted ranks, and you should maintain a good relationship with
them because they can give you some pretty good insight of what's
happening in those ranks.